it's obvious that
the the things that make humans die of
of I'm talking about natural causes as
opposed to accidents and wars and so on
are all just technological matters and
we have already solved them we've we've
increased uh human lifespan from its
natural level of 20 something up to 80
something or whatever it is now and we
know that death is caused by a certain
organic processes in the body which in
principle can be engineered away
so um you know I talk in the book about
things like traveling to Intergalactic
space which will no doubt not happen for
thousands of years yet but
um it would be very surprising if death
in that sense were not conquered in the
next few centuries